- # Mono (11/20) Cósmico (13/13)
  background-color:: #264c9b
- Limi 22 Luna Magnética Anillo Solar de la Luna Roja Auto-existente
- 10:42
	- Ayer tuvimos un breakthrough en nuestra relación con Cele!
	- Tengo hasta las 13:00 para enfocarme en algo acá; eso arreglé hoy con Cele.
		- Desde las 10:42 pero bueno, yo decidí estirar un poco el tiempo allá en el living y luego acá en la ~~habitación~~ oficina me puse a ordenar un poquito.
	- #distraction Me puse a buscar sobre hand-washing (tengo el lavadero acá al lado y con Cele justo estábamos hablando de lo ruidoso que es el lavarropas). Quiero rediseñar el lavadero para que no haga ruido. Pero se mezcla con un montón de reformas en la casa y me siento overwhelmed rápidamente.
	- #feelings Mientras meditaba hoy me surgió enojo acerca del dinero; junto con algo de tristeza. Quiero comunicarme con el grupo de EHP y preguntarles sobre las tarifas; la originadora del Money Club está ahí, así que algo va a surgir.
	- Bien, me voy a poner 30 minutos arrancando desde ahora; hasta las 11:15  para revisar y responder mensajes. Luego quiero seguir trabajando en el app de Tzolkin.me.
		- 2 prioridades que son: Mensaje a Alex, y mensaje a LogSeq
		- Revisar mensajes familia y llegar a Inbox 0 con el email
- 10:59
	- #Distraction En un grupo hice click y me entretuve leyendo https://www.pagina12.com.ar/448365-cuestionar-la-propiedad-privada-desde-el-canto-de-los-pajaro tengo que ver como guardar cosas para leer más tarde; Pocket parece una alternativa interesante, aunque quisiera ver si puedo integrarlo con LogSeq
- 11:24
	- Se me pasó un poquito el tiempo; emails no llegué a revisar; pude mandar el mensaje de EHP, responderle a mi abuela; mensaje al muchacho de Sierra de la Ventana; y en este momento estoy terminando el mensaje para Alex. Voy a continuar con esto y luego sigo con Tzolkin.me; mañana haré el de LogSeq.
	- Mensaje para Alex:
		- Hey Alex, I need your help with something. As you probably noticed I haven't been making a solid contribution to Ubiquity lately. First I want to apologize for the lack of communication.
		- I could list endless rationalizations as to why, but that's just post hoc, the truth is more nuanced and has more to do with my feelings in general.
		- Here is what's happening for me:
			- I'm currently co-responsible for taking care of Coral at the moment; and both me and Celeste (my partner) also want to work on personal creative projects. So we take turns, we can only work on the computer if someone is looking after Coral. This leaves us with at most 3-4hs per day each to work on stuff.
			- On terms of feeling fulfilled with work, Ubiquity is not quite cutting it. To be honest, it's not a product I would personally use or recommend to anyone I know, so the contribution just feels inauthentic and robotic. I mostly just see it as a source of income while I figure out how to get funded while I work on things that I feel truly called to work on.
			- I also see that this is an important project for you, and I see it's potential for it to attract large amounts of money, which is quite a useful resource as of itself. If you feel this is your calling right now, I do want to give you my honest support with whatever I can; I really do wish for Ubiquity to grow and be wildly successful, and for you to step into your purpose and reach your goals.
		- At the moment I don't have a steady decentralized source of income, my goal is to get funded freely by Patreon, Github Sponsors, OpenCollective, drips, etc; essentially, directly by the people who benefit from whatever I create and want to support me personally.
		- So here is the thing, I want to support you with Ubiquity, but the relationship has to be less fixed and more focused. I won't do a fixed schedule, or fixed amount of hours, or fixed payments; it feels too much like employment. I'll take responsibility for specific thing I feel called to help you with and report back to you directly. Then at the end of a cycle I'll make a summary and I'll prompt you for feedback and exchange, as an equal.
		- Relationships are more important to me than any business, and that's what I want to nurture.
		- If you want to move forward with this, please do tell me, and I'll get back to you soon with a plan to unfold this. Also it would be nice to have call with you one of these days, it's been too long we haven't seen face to face just the two of us.
- 11:58
	- Terminé el mensaje para Alex; se estiró 45minutos las comunicaciones!
-