- 00:48
	- I've seen people use this pattern on LogSeq, of typing the hour of the day and writing.
	- I would like to see the following UI used:
		- Instead of scrolling from the top to the bottom the page is loaded with the scrollbar on the bottom. When you write the page just extends, and you are still at the bottom. The old entries are all up. We write from top to bottom, why do we insist on inverting the direction when it comes to presenting chronological content? By using this we can show a single timeline and we can show the dates and time directly from the Git information.
		- We use only Tags for tracking content. Links do not need the names of the linked blocks, the address is an abstract information. Adding a title to a block it can be referenced.
		  id:: 6322a1f4-23c6-428f-ad29-6b5f4af9f321
		- This is a reference to the mentioned block ((6322a1f4-23c6-428f-ad29-6b5f4af9f321))
			- Can we make the referencing more organic?
			- Convert a block to a page by a touch; the only reason to convert a block to a page is to reference it later with a shortcut. Instead of writing the block number for the link, we can write the name of the page.
			- What is lacking in this system, is a button that I can click and a block is extracted into a page, but replaced with an embedded reference.
				- Looks like this was discussed https://discuss.logseq.com/t/convert-block-to-a-page/649
	- I have stumbled upon a philosophical work of note-taking
		- A writing inbox for transient and incomplete notes
			- https://notes.andymatuschak.org/z5aJUJcSbxuQxzHr2YvaY4cX5TuvLQT7r27Dz
		- Evergreen notes
			- https://notes.andymatuschak.org/z4SDCZQeRo4xFEQ8H4qrSqd68ucpgE6LU155C
		- Software interface
			- https://notes.andymatuschak.org/z5vXaKVAPBNKAAi9RXNudduhyGadGXqtMVTEs
			-
		-
		-
-