- [[Medium of Thought]]
- I was working on the [[Medium of Thought]] page when suddenly I heard [[Coral]] cry in the bedroom. My attention was overridden. A suden urgent sensation of [[Fear]] had to be taken care of. I ran to the bedroom and picked him up; he wouldn't nipple on [[Celeste]]. So I picked him up and desperately tried to calm him down. Doing shooshing noises, and moving up and down, and pacing, and rocking, and dancing, and singing. Then I remembered to [[Become Centered]] and took [[My Attention]] and moved into my [[Physical Center]]. I tried some [[Breathing Exercises]] with a [[Grounding Visualization]] and he relaxed and almost fell asleep. Then I forgot all about it and my thoughts were racing again about more exciting things, such as what I am doing right now, which is [[Processing Thoughts]] on the [[LogSeq Medium]]. I'm writing on my [[Notes Inbox]], and then I'll be creating [[Pages]].
- There, another interruption. Coral cried again. And I ran to check out. Long, uninterrupted time to work is a luxury for me. To accrue it I have to negotiate with Celeste to take care of Coral; and even then, I don't have a dedicated work space where external distractions are blocked out for [[Deep Work]]. Yes I can answer a message on the phone when I playing with Coral. But no, I cannot write about a new [[Distinction]] I made while reading a book earlier.
- And another interruption. And another. I feel angry about this, and also ashamed because it's my son crying and I'm angry.
- I'm seeing a pattern here. The more [[Emotional Reactivity]] I'm [[Feeling]], the shallower my thoughts become. It reminds me of the [[Buddha Story]] about looking at the bottom of a lake when the water is agitated vs when the water is still.
- So now I have many thoughts in my [[Notes Inbox]] and my goal is to  reduce them into [[Pages]] or archive them as [[Stories]].
-