- [[Map of How to Consciously Feel]]
- [[Mapa de Como Sentir Conscientemente]]
- Experiment:
	- For 7 days, take a picture of you every day and publish it online.
		- Change your avatar on Telegram, your Website, Substack, Ko-fi.
		- Cross-share an Instagram, WhatsApp and Facebook as a story with this picture and some words. If possible link or mention something you have created and is available online. It can be your website, but also an [[Article]], a note in your [[Digital Knowledge Garden]], a drawing, a widget. You can also write "Day 1, day 2, etc" on each post, if people ask tell them you are doing an experiment and link them here".
		- Share in other social networks you are part of.
		- Note what happens. Note what you feel. Write in your [[BEEP! Book]]
		- After the 7 days review the notes and write what you have learned in your [[Digital Knowledge Garden]]. Share your results with your [[Possibility Team]].
- Experiment:
	- Each 4 weeks, create something and make it available online.
		- It can be a website, an article, a note in your [[Digital Knowledge Garden]], a drawing, a widget.
		- Create a post in Instagram, WhatsApp, Facebook with the thing.
		- Share the thing to your broadcasting
- All The Social Networks
	- Twitter
		- What's happening now?
	- Reddit
	- Facebook
		- Connect with friends and the world around you on Facebook.
	- Instagram
		- Give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together.
	- Each social network has a captured audience. These are people that give their attention to the [[App]] and regularly scroll through their feed. You can reach these people with a message, if you know how. Reaching people through social media it's an obscure art; why obscure? Because the inherent [[Medium of Thought]] has a closed-source algorithm that determines who gets to see what, and this is usually under the control of a [[Corporation]].