- # 35.2.28
	- 11:30
		- Working on clarifying [[My Activities]]
	- 20:15
		- Hello village!
		- I need help. I have exactly USD 142 in my Airtm account. I need help with my anger. I cannot say no and my life is falling apart. I'm in deep pain.
		- Gremlin frenzies with my partner are not getting better, and we're increasingly unhappy together. We fight until we're both crying and some time later we shamefully apologize and try to act as if it all never happened because when we try to talk about it we just get triggered again.
		- The relationship is stagnant, so is our home. Ideas about how to improve are abundant; concrete actions are not.
		- I get numb at the thought of asking for help and yet brief moments of inspiration constantly push me to with a strong urge such as the one that triggered this letter. As I re-read this letter what I was feeling is gone, and in it's place is fear about sharing this.
		- I don't even know how to talk about this but here are the facts:
			- I have USD 142 in my Airtm account and a little more as ARS cash
			- I have web/app development skills and can speak Spanish and English.
			- I don't know what non-material values I can give.
			- I feel fear of offering things and asking for things; and angry about being given things.
		- I don't know how I'm going to become who I'm meant to be. I don't know how to, but I want to be fully committed to my Adulthood Initiation, and to my next steps. There is something very strong inside me that wants to believe I can do it all alone, that I don't need help, I don't need anyone. I feel angry about asking for help.
		- My mind is going a million places thinking how all this will develop. I'm tired. I'm tired of thinking. I want it to stop. I need to take action.
		- So here is my question: What actions can I take NOW to become fully committed and start seeing real changes in my life?
		-
		- Could someone sponsor me and hold space for this?
		- But I'm committing to my Adulthood Initiation, and to whoever answers my call for help; all mentioned resources are available for my next steps.
		-
		-
			-
		- I commit to put every of my resources available to everyone on the team.
		- Can I get possibilities as to what to do next?
		  Could someone sponsor me so I have someone that can hold me accountable?
		- I haoffer all of my non-material value to
		-
		- I'm saying yes to everyone ask of me, so I can feel angry about it. I'm angry about people wanting me be what they want.
		-
		- As I became increasingly frustrated about not being able to find an item in the web browser configuration,
		- Today I realized that I hold the assumption that everything is easy; or at least it should be. This realization made me laugh, I felt joy. **What is this feeling?** I haden't felt like that before. It's like a deep sad howling, like sad and joy.
		- I just laughter so hard about realizing that assumption.
	-
		- If something is not as it should be -> THEN I can become angry.
			- So I just have to compare everything to a perfect version of it, and I'm allowed to vent anger. Seems like a shit way to use anger.
		- After being angry with my partner I have a vision of how the relationship can be improved. Most of the time comes to some sort of ideal physical separation between us, each getting our own personal space that the other commits to respect
		- After being angry with the computer, I have visions of how to improve it. Ideas for new [[Villageware]].
	- [[Experimental Villageware Web Browser]]