- # What if we started over the Internet?
	- #Articles
	- A case for making StartOver the origin point of the New Internet, as an Experiment.
	- Hey, let's create this cool new thing. Imagine you are starting over civilization. Everyone in your tribe has this fruit of the old civilization, a square box made of light that connects you to everyone else.
	- This box is simultaneously a blessing and a curse. It connects you to everyone, yes, but that means you are also responsible to everyone. That's a lot of responsibility; what if I find a scary character? No way I'm responsible for THOSE OTHERS that are destroying the Earth! I'm not part of THAT culture.
	- I'm sorry to inform you that if you are reading this, in a magical rectangle of wonderment, you are most definitely responsible to the global culture by the mere fact that anyone in that culture can connect directly TO you THROGH that POSSIBILITY PORTAL.
	- Alright, let's get this article back on track.
	- What are the characteristics of this New Internet?
		- There is no concept of ownership; everything is free by default
		- There is 100% transparency; you can know who exactly wrote everything ever written and connect directly to that person
		- There is an objective map of value by keeping track of a THIS IS VALUABLE bookmark tool.
		- It exists INSIDE the OLD INTERNET.
		- There is one page for every
			- Person
			- Group
			- And we
			-
		- Once you find the NEW INTERNET you are in the NEW INTERNET.
			- "Congratulations you have found the NEW INTERNET, welcome to ARCHEARCHY"
			- Here are the tools you will need for your authentic adulthood initiation of a multi-dimensional five-bodies Human Being.
			- The only way to meet others in the New Internet is Exploring.
			- Having found the New Internet is on itself a Big Treasure, but you will find unimaginable Treasures in your journey ahead.
	- This is what I'm taking a stand for.
		- Start a global trend about the New Internet
		- It's an experiment in which we just agree with each other what is the origin point of the New Internet. We just assert "The origin point of the New Internet is Startover.xyz" and that makes it true.
		- We create a new browser for the New Internet that even my grandmother can understand and use.
		- We make the New Internet viral.
		- Every website can add a New Internet button
			- The button will zoom out the current page and show an Interface that was hidden, behind the box
			- This interface has the page of StartOver.xyz as it's Point of Origin; as it's tradition. You can put the Point of Origin on any website, even Google if you want; but why would you want that? You will only connect to things through Google Searches.
		- All your browse history is seen as a tree that maps to that Point of Origin.
		- newinternet.quest domain name is available; maybe?
		- newinternet.earth?
		- I tend to get hang up in domain names; but where we're going we won't need domain names. We just need one, the Point of Origin of The New Origin; the point of origin is just an arbitrary domain name in The Old Internet.
		- The Point of Origin can even be your site if you want.
		- A graph map is generated from all your New Internet exploration.
		- Advocating for freeing every tool used; but never discriminating against a tool for the mere reason of it not being free
			- Even if the intention of the tool-maker is PROFIT; we are inviting everyone to Archearchy, and were we are going we won't need money, so why would you focus on that?
			- High Technology is obfuscated by our very nature of being ignorant of it's complexity. For most people every software is closed source, because reading code, or even accessing the code, or even being aware that there is a code, is not a given for everyone; for some people it's indistinguishable from magic, so we should treat it as such. There are mages that Understand The Internet; Initiates in the Art of Coding from the Old Civilization.
				- I happen to have been initiated into coding the Internet. And most people can understand it enough to co-create it freely within it with the right coaching.
					- New Internet Coaching is starting to sound like a job title I'm happy with.
						- I'm exploding with joy.
	- So many responsibilities! AHHHH! Something in me is panicking; anyone could hold an EHP for this FEAR?
	  background-color:: #793e3e
		-
	- How to Journal to the New Internet
		- Use LogSeq
		- Automate publishing with a script
		- Can you be vulnerable make public everything you journey with your full name in it?
		- Now you have a powerful tool for writing, documenting and sharing.
		- Write your own biography live
		- Invite others to take a look at your journaling and give you feedback
	- How to create your Personal Page for the New Internet
		- Aesthetic
		- Information
		- Connection
	- How to create a Team Page for the New Internet.
	- Add a Portal to the New Internet to a website
	- NOO! TOO MANY THINGS! This cold fear is running through me! I CAN'T DO IT ALL! I HAVE TO CHOOSE!
	  background-color:: #793e3e
		- I want an EHP so bad.
		- There is this pride about knowing how to registering and using a domain name. It's such a basic skill and I'm holding on to it as if a big treasure.
		- Full disclosure, I've consumed cannabis tonight now. WHY AM I FEELING SO AWFUL **ABOUT** THAT!? I'm doing so much EFFORT to RESIST something.
		- I'm feeling so cold. The window is open, it's 8ºC and it's 00:22 after midnight. So this might be ACTUAL cold. But the weird thing is that I wasn't feeling cold just moments ago, and the temperature for sure didn't change much; so what's the deal with that? I'm shivering.
	- Alright, back on track on this article. I didn't know I was writing an article when I started writing today. Now I'm certain. I'm taking a stand to clean and polish this rough, painful and emotional rollercoaster of an article and share it with as many people as possible.
	- Anyone wants to sign up for a New Internet workshop?
		- I don't know yet the content of the workshop, but if what I'm writing on this article tickles something inside you, you might want to support me in my journey through my Authentic Adulthood Initiation path.
		- Sign up for my newsletter with your email, and as soon as I have a schedule for the next workshop I'll post you.
			- Or even better, subscribe to updates of the Workshops page on the New Internet where all the Archearchy workshops will be posted.
			- Or subscribe to my journal on the New Internet. This is a feature I will be able to link to after the New Internet Context is bootstrapped
		- You can support me on my Ko-fi page (it's a personal funding platform)
			- I also have crypto currencies addresses if you prefer that currency
			- And even a bank account in Argentina!
			- Or PayPal directly?
			- Patreon? Librepay? AHH!
			- SO MANY WAYS TO RECEIVE PAYMENTS WHAT AM I GOING TO DO?!
			  background-color:: #793e3e
				- What am I panicking about here?
				- It's an experiment, does not need to be perfect, you can keep experimenting!
		- DON'T ASK FOR MONEY YOU IDIOT! Hey, get me my voice blaster!
		  background-color:: #793e3e
	- Wrapping up
		- And a question for Clinton Callahan: how do you know that a Mosquito is not actually attempting to upgrade your body with a very precise acupunture technique? Aren't we all vampires? Don't we all take and give back to the world in mysterious ways?
		-
		- Hey! This gives me an idea, the New Internet should have a sort of public Q&A that anyone can publicly ask a question to anyone else and the answer is...
			- THIS IS A STUPID IDEA! Hey is that voice in my head again, hi! Is it fear I'm sensing? Anger? What am I angry about.
				- YOU THINK IT WILL BE THIS SIMPLE? YOU THINK YOU CAN JUST WRITE YOUR WAY OUT!   USE YOUR WORDS TO ESCAPE YOUR PRISION?! YOU WILL FACE DEATH.
				  background-color:: #793e3e
		-
		- I'm starting to see here a great value in using LogSeq to journal my stream of thoughts. The things marked in RED are work a look into an EHP. This is a very valuable resource I've found.
	-
	- Alright, this time wrapping up for real. What new distinctions were made today?
		- There is a New Internet and an Old Internet
		- The Old Internet is what is used by Patriarchal Civilization
			- This is the stuff you usually find on Google
			- It's designed to catch your attention and program your Intellectual Body
			- The Purpose of the Old Internet is Profit
		- The New Internet does not abide by the rules of law of the Old Internet, because it is part of Archearcheal Culture
			- Concepts such as copyright or domain names are meaningless
			- You can connect forever to everyone you meet on the New Internet
			- The Purpose of the New Internet is High Level Fun, Connection, Experimenting, Invention, Collaboration,
	- This article is pure chaos and I'm really looking forward for feedback so I can polish so it can land gracefully on people's beings.
	- I'm feeling the coldness again; the fear is back; I might be rejected; it tells me. All this dreaming will pop and you will be faced with the crude reality that you are BROKE and YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO. YOU ARE JUST EVERY DAY BULLSHITTING YOUR WAY SAYING THINGS YOU WILL DO SO PEOPLE WILL ACCEPT YOU AND LISTEN TO YOU. BUT YOU WON'T DO SHIT YOU PIECE OF GARBAGE. 
	  background-color:: #793e3e
		- That's an intense emotion I've got here. I've gotta confess hat the garbage bit made me laugh; a little over the top, don't you think? Maybe LAZY SHIT; PIECE OF GARBAGE sounds like HATE.
			- Well that's another thing to check out. I'm surely not a hateful person; there is no way I hate anyone. Why would I do that? It's silly, we're all love here, yes, lovely good boys.
			  background-color:: #978626
	- And I'll stop this draft here. Seriously. Nothing more to say, now I'm just doing a regular journal.
	- Ok since this is no longer part of the article, about _What if we started over the Internet?_, what is the Next Question?
	- BTW all the process of writing this article is being recorded, and I can watch it evolve over time with the right tools to extract the information. This could be a feature of the New Internet.
- # What if tomorrow I drive 500km to go to my niece birthday party?
	- This would be crazy.
	- I'm running out of funds, I can't afford to spend 20k (pesos argentinos) in a trip just to go to my 7-year niece birthday party? Even though I love her and want to be there for her. And think about the trip! 5 hours driving! My partner doesn't have a license so I would have to be driving all the way! Just like last time! No way! Even though I really enjoy driving, it's a wonderful time to practice being in a small now, being centered, being grounded.
	- And besides I didn't even pick a birthday present! WHAT DO I PICK FOR HER? AHH WE'LL NEED TO GO TO THE TOY SHOP AND BUY SOMETHING MORE AND WE CAN'T AFFORD IT!
	  background-color:: #793e3e
		- Possibility: I can just give her the Electronic Piano that Coral is too young to use anyway, and we won't be carrying an Electronic Piano as we transition into Ecovillaging; we'll get reunited with the piano anyway, when we fund the ecovillage in our region and we invite her and her mom (my partner sister) to live with us!
	- What is your purpose for wanting to drive tomorrow 500km to go see your niece?
		- What is this grand gesture of love; do you want the child to like you? Why are you making choices based on this craving for approval?
			- You want people to like you. There is nothing wrong with this craving, it just is.
				- I don't feel liked by my partner; I feel that she despises me every day. I now realize I'm despising her, for despising me. Is this a sort of emotional-revenge-self-mutilating-cannibalism? I feel pressured to be someone by my partner.
					- HOW DO I KNOW IF WHAT I WANT IS WHAT I WANT AND NOT WHAT SHE WANTS? AHHHH I HATE HER! SHE'S ALWAYS PUSHING ME TO DO THINGS I DON'T REALLY WANT SO I CAN AVOID GETTING SCREAMED AT!
					  background-color:: #793e3e
						- Interesting wording here. I don't really need to avoid being screamed at. I'm actually becoming quite calm lately when she screams at me; I still feel angry, but I don't panic, I know my limits and how far to push them.
						- Today an interesting event happened; wait, maybe I'll leave that for another question? Let's get back on track, I've drifted afar from the original question
	- Is it a rash decision? WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS QUESTION?!
		- I'm _trying t decide_ wether I go to the birthday party; but this is NOT the question. The question is WHAT IF I go, not SHOULD I GO.
	- If I go I gotta find someone to feed Meri, our house cat companion while we're over there. This can be as simple as asking a friend to stay home and telling her how to prepare food for her. Or as complicated as having a long argument with my partner about her emotional reactions against the Meri setting a foot inside the house.
	- If I go I
	-
-
	-
-