- [[Living in the Gift]]
- Gratitude
	- Gratitude is the knowledge of having received and the consequent desire to give in turn.
	- Better than neccesary for the grade
	- Why does the sun shine?
	- Your life is a gift; Your native state is gratitude
		- The knowledeg that it is a gift, the knowledge of having received.
	- ## Gratitude is my native state
- Mens Circle
	- Where is the Man initiated enough to call the Archetypal Woman to life through Her?
	- Burn All You Know About "Being A Man"
		- Your [[Golden Key]] is questions
		- The [[Necessity]] of an Authentic Question pushes you through your fears of discovering the edge of [[Patriarchy]].
		-
	-
- ## Example of the value of bi-directional links
	- [Golden Key](http://goldenkey.mystrikingly.com/) page is empty; yet it's linked from other pages of Startover. This is very important information to understand what Golden Key is. A [[Digital Knowledge Garden]] works with bi-directional links; this means that if you link to a page, then the link back is also added to the other page.
-
-
- ## I hate that I pay rent
	- I hate that the money goes to some black hole instead of being invested in my home.
	- I'm inspired to make a proposal to the owner to step into a different [[Gameworld]] from modern culture ownership-rent dynamic
		- I feel [[Anger]] because I don't know what that dynamic looks exactly
		- I feel [[Fear]] that she might not want to (or that she might want)
		- I'm having a hard time seeing her as part of my [[Team]]
		-
-
-