- # ACTION
	- Alright, let's take action. I want that article published and a new personal site by tomorrow morning; then share the article with the PM community; specifically with the Possibility Creation Village team; and then on the EHP team quote a specific paragraph of the article and ask for an EHP before leaving for my niece birthday tomorrow.
	- DONE I'm creating the personal site with Carrd.co for Archearchy
	  :LOGBOOK:
	  CLOCK: [2022-09-14 Wed 01:49:02]--[2022-09-14 Wed 01:49:02] =>  00:00:00
	  CLOCK: [2022-09-14 Wed 01:49:02]--[2022-09-14 Wed 02:54:33] =>  01:05:31
	  CLOCK: [2022-09-14 Wed 02:54:34]--[2022-09-14 Wed 02:54:41] =>  00:00:07
	  :END:
		- Done! https://zequez.carrd.co/
	- DONE I'm taking an updated picture to put on the page. No filters, no posing, no trying-to-hide-the-messy-house-you-live-in, just an authentic up-to-date full-face selfie! You can update the picture later! Maybe AFTER the EHP?
	- LATER I'm publishing my entire LogSeq vault so I can share the article I wrote directly from it
		- DNS check in progress! Should be live at http://oldsite.zequez.space/logseq-vault/ at some point in theory
	- DONE I'm creating a MailChimp account to manage Newsletters and linking to the Newsletter Sign-up from the Carrd.so site
	  :LOGBOOK:
	  CLOCK: [2022-09-14 Wed 01:59:51]--[2022-09-14 Wed 01:59:55] =>  00:00:04
	  CLOCK: [2022-09-14 Wed 02:55:53]--[2022-09-14 Wed 03:18:29] =>  00:22:36
	  :END:
		- Done!
	- DONE I'm updating my Ko-fi site to reflect this new endevour
	  :LOGBOOK:
	  CLOCK: [2022-09-14 Wed 02:54:28]--[2022-09-14 Wed 02:55:35] =>  00:01:07
	  :END:
		- https://ko-fi.com/zequez updated! Bio, avatar, cover photo and linked to carrd.co website
	- LATER Write a Goal on Ko-Fi
	- DONE Sign up in SubStack
	  :LOGBOOK:
	  CLOCK: [2022-09-14 Wed 03:09:25]--[2022-09-14 Wed 03:37:46] =>  00:28:21
	  :END:
		- Ok, forget MailChimp, I'm using SubStack instead. It's more in alignment to Archearchy!
		- Done! https://zequez.substack.com/
		- And updating it on Carrd DONE!
- Created [[Bio]] for using on sites
- Created this page after receiving an email from GEN about an upcoming workshop, it might become something interesting [[Upcoming events I might be interested]]
-
- 21:47
	- What if I make it easy to setup auto-publishing of your LogSeq vault
	- I'm imagining setting up auto-publishing for LogSeq vault and making a guide for anyone to follow; then sharing with the PM community and inviting people to experiment with LogSeq vaults. Do I want to commit to this? Do I want to take a stand? What is the next question to ask?
		- Why am I feeling ambivalent about this?
			- There is an emotional resistance to do it. An **I-DON'T-KNOW** energy. And it seems that yes, I don't know how I'm going to do the thing. I can still commit to do it even before I don't know how to.
				- I feel afraid, it's scary to commit to do something I don't know how to do. I know I want it to happen, I know it is possible for it to happen. I'm stuck in the idea that I'm the one that has to do it. It's a responsibility, I'm afraid.
			- There is something more. There is the sharing part, that has a fear energy, a vulnerability-aversion-energy, _I'm afraid to share an early draft, it has to be perfect or they might think I'm an idiot._
				- There is some unwrapping to do here. My center is not with me. Am I receiving emotional feedback when I give away my center? Or is there an aversion to the emotion that makes me give my center away? What comes first, giving my center away or having an emotional reaction? It seems to me that giving my center away makes the emotional reaction unconscious, and thus I don't have to feel it. But then, I find the reaction in the other, and I tell myself that the other is causing me an emotional reaction; when in reality, I'm shifting the responsibility for the emotional reaction by giving my center away to another person while I could be just being there with the emotions.
					- There is an annoyance now, to having written a long-winded message and forgetting to be present or what my original purpose was. A **FUCK-I'M-ANGRY-I'M-LOST** energy, and also a **I-LOST-MY-PATH😭** victim-energy. It's a depressing sensation.
						- So I am asserting the realization that I **became lost**. What does becoming lost even means.
						-
- 22:18
	- Hey so I just felt excitement about doing something.
		- I see 4 tabs that represent my New Internet Profile
			- It's separate addresses that are linked together; usually by a central address that links them all
				- https://zequez.carrd.co/ - Personal Site that expresses my individuality aesthetically and links to other sites
				- https://zequez.substack.com - Publishing Articles & Newsletter Subscription
				- https://ko-fi.com/zequez - Personal Funding Origin that allows anyone to flow me power
					- There are other options such as:
						- Using Substack directly, as it has funding embedded into itself already.
							- Paying subscribers might get benefits, such as being on a group-chat with me and other subscribers, and participate in the design of future workshops. Ok, now this is looking more enticing! Being a paid subscriber expresses commitment.
							- New Internet Lab where we explore what are the possibilities of using the Internet to viralize the adoption of Archearchy culture.
								- What if the New Internet have a viral design integrated into it?
								  background-color:: #497d46
				- https://t.me/zequez - Direct link to messaging me directly
		-
		- ## How can I motivate people into flowing power into me and supporting me?
			- Use information about contributions to prioritises access to workshops of limited capacity of participants. So highest contributors will be on he first cohort and so on. All workshops are free by default, but reciprocate my stakeholders that have expressed their commitment to my evolution. When someone subscribes to me, I feel supported. _I feel wanted_. When someone contributes toward my evolution path, I feel supported.
				- There is no rigid expectation about the workshop access rules, it's a private process based on a number of variables that cannot be truly reflected JUST by a monetary value (for example, I might want to prioritize someone else just because I like them, even if they aren't on the contribution list, yet they contribute to my life in non-material value), the rule is arbitrary and I can abide by flexible rules, it's an experimental Gameworld Design.
			- What does it feel to feel wanted?
				- Someone appreciates me and values what I'm offering.
			- When someone can trust you to keep your commitment, then they will experience less resistance to committing to you, because a reward is guaranteed.
				- Can I commit to taking care of Gaia? Is a reward guaranteed? Well, what is an attractive reward to you? What tickles your desire?
					- I see myself living in community. My family and my closes ones are there living with me. I wake up every morning full of energy, excited about the day, overflowing with the joy of experiencing each moment of the day with delightful colorful beings.
						- This is a fantasy.
		- ## Hey everyone, I'm using a tool called LogSeq to manage my digital knowledge garden and releasing it as public domain #NewInternet #Experiment #Articles
			- I'm journaling with it every day, and documenting all my research and developments.
			- Would anyone be interested in doing a Research Team to Commit to use this tool together, and share our daily journaling and knowledge garden with each other? We can use them as prompts to get feedback and give each other possibilities.
			- So we write our journals and setup an automatic publishing mechanism to share with everyone else automatically. I can guide this process with a script. Then we commit to each other and we can even link to each other vaults.
				- We commit to keep a Telegram group open where we share feedback to each other vault. Then we commit to a live possibility session each week.
			- Time is a disturbance when managing a Digital Knowledge Garden, because Knowledge by its very nature is timeless. So we can explore potential patterns of usage together.
			- experiment.quest is an available domain; maybe we can give subdomains to participants of each experiment of the New Internet? So for this we can have zequez.knowledgevault.experiment.quest; or experiment.us?
				- I get hang up on domain names. A good use of a domain name is to allow people to register subdomains with it for free; this is a public service, because Internet domains are a controlled and taxed resource.
					- I've been reading on how the domain registration works. As it turns out, ICANN keeps a sort of phone book of the Internet, but to be on the phone book you have to pay them. And web browsers are pre-loaded to use that phone book. However, you can make the browsers work differently. The browser can keep track of everyone you know, because you feed it that information, and the browser just has access to all the information available on the Internet related to the people you know; and the domain names associated with them are just an abstract concept that the player doesn't even need to think about. The domain names are for browsing the Old Internet, not the New Internet. _In the New Internet we don't care about domain names; we do when we are reaching out to Old Internet players._
						- Ok this last thing is tickling my ambiguity detector. I'm making a distinction between 2 people; the ones initiated in the New Internet, and the ones who have never heard about the New Internet. My imagination is running that I want to dazzle Old Internet players; I want to catch their attention and invite them over. And I want this with urgency.
							- So a good domain name has an aesthetic value that like a flower it can resonate with certain aspects of life and tickle people in different ways.
			- > ICANN is responsible for coordinating the names and numbers that relate to Internet addresses, but does not register domain names with the exception of .INT (used for intergovernmental agencies with international treaties).
				- This is an interesting quote from https://www.icann.org/en/system/files/files/what-icann-does-22jun12-en.pdf
				- So in theory, if you say to someone working at ICANN, hey I'm an intergovernmental agency with an international treaty and I want this domain name; they give it to you for free because it actually has no costs to register a domain name.
					- What counts as an Intergovernmental Agency With And International Treaty?
						- I'm part of a nanonation
						- I'm mutually committed with my Teams which does not discriminate by nationality; making it thus a completely inclusive International Treaty.
						- Can we then for example get a new.int domain name, as an experiment
				-
				-
		- Your journal is most powerful when seen.
			-
				-
			- I can say that the Point of Origin of my Profile is https://zequez.carrd.co/
	-
-
-