- At some point in your life, Google becomes useless for what you are looking for. You try to search [[Archiarchy]] culture for possibilities and you are given [[Patriarchy]] websites. This is because Google cannot distinguish between Patriarchy and Archearchy yet.
- What I'm drawn to do when I sit in my laptop
	- Answering and responding messages
		- Taking responsibility for messaging
		- Taking responsibility for communication
	- Consuming content and creating notes
	- Using it responsibly
- Holographic Digital Gardening
	- Connect your garden with everyone else's garden by using the same words for concepts and everyone writing their version. Then you can see everyones perspective.
	- Imagine gardens stacked one on top of the other connecting ideas through vertical lines and forming patterns.
	- In a social network you can see concepts that other people around you are writing about.
- 21:57
	- [[The Illusion of Money]]
	- [[What would I do with 1 million dollars]]
	- Here is an idea for inviting people into digital gardening
		- Create a sort of experiment-making web with the following:
			- You create a set of pages in your digital garden
				- Each page has a title
			- You share the pages titles with a prompt to people to write about the page before they can see everyone elses answers
				- Then when they write about it and submit it, the pages of everyone else are revealed and the person can read them.
				- The person is prompted to add what was just written into their digital garden; and connect it to the collective garden.
				- Experiments to do:
					- [[What would I do with 1 million dollars]]
					- [[5 Bodies]]
	- [[Second Brain]]
	- [[Fasting]]
	- [[Acceleration During Space Travel]]
	- [[Enjoyment vs Pleasure]]
-
- [[Joschua's Garden]]
-