- Philosophical Work on The Sims game
	- https://gamephilosophy.org/wp-content/uploads/confmanuscripts/pcg2012/Tirrell%202012%20-Dumb-People-Smart-Objects-The-Sims-and-the-Distributed-Self.pdf
	- > As with any good bourgeois society, Sims society is built around interior
	  decorating. You have to furnish your home, and the game itself offers a dazzling array of
	  dining-room table sets, recliners for every price point, party balloons, and sconces”
	- > “Oversimulated Suburbia,”
	- Despite claiming marquee space in the games’ titles, the simulated humans inhabiting these
	  meticulously-curated environments are best understood not as autonomous agents but as
	  nodes in a network
	- > Sims games establish a world in which objects own people as much as the converse.
	- > Sims games depict humans as dumb responders in intelligent constructed
	  worlds, a portrayal that seems increasingly appropriate in a progressively more networked,
	  digitized, and commodified culture
	- > Sims games are thus properly understood not as
	  simulations of virtual people, but as Wright’s dollhouse metaphor implies, simulations of
	  complex environments. This is reflected in the player’s perspective in Sims games, which is
	  fixed upon structures rather than Sims. The virtual humans leave for work, neighbors drop
	  by, guests float in and out of the screen, but the player, and the experience, is locked upon
	  structures, the nexus of these interactions.
	- > The result of this speculation became the core behavioral model for Sims games, in which objects
	  in Sims’ homes—televisions, stoves, toilets—broadcast messages to Sims about how they
	  can interact. Wright calls this a “proximity pheromone” model, because a particular Sim’s
	  actions are largely determined by the intensity and distance of an object’s broadcasts
	- > Sims and
	  their objects exist in a mutually-dependent complex system, in which any part, when isolated
	  from the whole, loses meaning.
	- > Given the Sims franchise’s concerted investment in creating and sharing, it would be
	  reductive to view these games as mere enablers of virtual materialism. The vast community
	  of makers that has sprung up around them reveals players’ shared interest in production. In
	  her interview with Wright, Celia Pearce hypothesizes that games like these form “a new
	  genre of experience where consumption and production are synonymous” (2002). The player
	  of such games buys the ability to generate her own content, and thereby participate in a vast
	  complex system of commodities, simulated human, and biological players. A player becomes
	  an amalgam of consumer and producer—what Pearce calls a “conducer,” a term she attributes
	  to NYU Media Research Lab professor Ken Perlin. This hybrid status is identifiable in many
	  of the MMORPGs that enable players to create and share objects in the interest of network-
	  building. A prime example is Linden Lab’s Second Life, which in its programmer-generated
	  state is almost completely devoid of content. Users in shared space generate almost all of the
	  virtual structures, items, and personas that exist in the simulated world. Second Life denizens
	  pay a monthly charge for the experience of world-building itself. “Linden Lab,” states video
	  game journalist Mark Wallace, “provides only a landscape (and sometimes not even that); the
	  residents effectively constitute the largest content-creation team in existence, and one that
	  pays for the privilege” (2005: 15). It is as if players are purchasing canvas and paint rather
	  than art
		- How does translates to co-creating the web as a game?
	- > He grants that “the distinction between things moving
	  and persons acting is but an illusion,” but our belief that we are more than objects in motion
	  functions as if true, regardless of its veracity (1966: 53, italics in original).
	-