- At the end of the cycle collect all the thank you notes and ensure they are delivered. Make system to deliver thank you notes.
- # Hacer es solo una palabra
	- Piensa la siguiente situación: une bebé está caminando, y su papá, que está al lado, le dice "hacé así" mientras le muestra un movimiento con la mano; le bebé observa y repite.
	- Mismo bebé está sentado y su papá le dice "no tires eso!", el verbo, en este caso, no tiene conexión con la realidad. Le infante no entiende el significado de tirar, su papá está hablando de un evento que no está en el momento presente. Cabe detallar que la palabra "no" tampoco tiene ningún significado intrínseco.
	- Ninguna palabra en sí significa nada.
	- A donde estoy yendo es que en este momento estoy escribiendo. Al momento que terminé de escribir eso ya no estaba escribiendo, estaba procesando lo que había escrito. Cuando estoy presente escribiendo, no sé lo que estoy escribiendo.
	- Del mismo modo, cuando estoy por ir al supermercado a comprar harina para hacer chapatis, no pienso "estoy yendo al supermercado a comprar harina para hacer chapatis", pienso en las mil cosas que se me cruzan por la cabeza cuando estoy caminando. Y cuando estoy caminando no pienso "estoy caminando", pienso el auto que pasó, pienso en lo que voy a comprar, pienso en enfocarme en la respiración, pienso en la nube, pienso que va a llover, pienso que dejé la ropa en el tender, pienso que no puedo enviarle un mensaje a Celeste porque no tengo saldo en el celular,  pienso en como Whatsapp funciona igual sin saldo, pienso en la neutralidad del Internet, pienso en las corporaciones, y ya estoy sintiendo enojo.
- ## Y qué estoy haciendo entonces?
	- "Estoy escribiendo"
	- "Estoy siendo"
	- "Estoy creando"
	- "Estoy sintiendo miedo"
		- "Estoy pensando en un cabo suelto"
	- "Estoy haciendo"
	- "Como hago para no-hacer?"
		- "Por qué creo que no sé como no-hacer?"
		- "Lo opuesto a intentar"
		- "Convierto no-hacer en hacer"
		- "Ser / Estar"
		- "Ser / A-Ser"
		- Hacer es lo opuesto a ser
	- A-ser es una etiqueta
		- Corriendo, escribiendo, bailando, cantando, fumando, orinando, creando, consumiendo.
	- Decir "como hago para ser" es una paradoja "como ilumino para oscurecer?" "como subo para bajar"?
	- Decir "como hago para hacer" es un misterio.
		- pen-SAR
		- A-SeR
	- Cuando pienso no estoy siendo, estoy haciendo. Asiendo a mis pensamientos y pierdo la perspectiva de lo que soy.
- ## Donde existen los errores?
- Self-sustenance is a human need, as it is for all other animals and living beings that roam Earth.
	- I've got to pee, I've got to sleep, I've got to eat, I've got to poop, I've got to breath. I've got to take good care of the human body that was given to me.
	- If I'm not eating well, I'm not recognizing the gift that was given to me.
	- If I'm not treating myself well, I'm not owning the body, the mind. I pretend it's not mine, it's their fault that's like this, I'm not taking responsibility for my body and mind.
	- My point is, as a member of the human species, the human living among other humans, like the and among other ants, has a certain role in the collective body. Maybe one ant it's the tutor of another ant, and the other ant learns from this ant, so knowledge is passed through generations, as the organism evolves.
	- Humanity is an organism of Gaia, the Earth.
	- If I'm in service to Gaia, it's my responsibility to take good care of the body, that's just how it is, it's the game I came to play, Gaia is marking the rhythm and we are co-creating together.
	- So how do I take good care of this holographic human body that Gaia is creating for me? Listen to the body, listen to Gaia. The body is constantly generating feelings and thoughts. Observe these, and pay attention. Don't identify with the hologram, the hologram is not Gaia, and it's not you either. The hologram it's an interference pattern of many beings. The surface is an illusion. It looks real. We fear it, we look away. But the present moment it's where
- Alright, so I've got a good argument for self-sustenance now what? I can accept it intellectually, hooray, what do you want a prize? Understanding this does not solve any of my self-sustenance problems, or does it?
	- Or does it?
		- I want to sustain this body with love and care.
			- Ok, wanting does not make it so, what now?
				- The body is signaling FEAR;
					- Ah, we're getting somewhere now
		- This WANT comes from a FEAR. WANT is a thought, FEAR is a feeling.
		- If a feeling is being generated together with a thought, it's very likely that the feeling is an EMOTION.
		- There is WANT in me.
- For me society was just a big wolve I had created that forbid me to do this or that, to be this or that, that told me I was wrong or was insufficient, that I was not good enough, not big enough, not smart enough, no tall enough. Disobeying the rules would mean that I would be all those things. So these rules would keep me safe. If you are a baby bison, don't stray too far from the herd. Follow the rules and stay safe. There will be to explore later, when we are safe. We are not safe now, so stay with us. Do what we tell you, the world is not safe. Don't disobey our advice, or you will die.
	- So this is essentially a common childhood experience for every species. Will I really blame my parents for being animals?
- I want food on my table, and I want food in my table for my child. I want a healthy place to live. I want to give back everything that was given to me, multiplied tenfold, a millionfold. I want to eat LIFE for breakfast. I want to eat LIFE for lunch. I want to eat LIFE for dinner. I want to be eating LIFE at all times. I want to bathe in life every instant.
- I'm on the same team as God. The Universe itself is on my side. Actually, there are no sides. There is just light on different frequencies.
-
-