- [VIDEO: Joe Dispenza & Jay Shetty](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qykb6jKXdo)
	- Same thoughts -> Same choices -> Same behaviour -> Create the exact same experience -> We anticipate the same feelings/emotions from these experiences -> This is the payoff that drives those very same thoughts
	- How we think, how we act, how we feel is called our personality
		- Our personality creates our personal reality
		- If you want to create a new life, you gotta change your personality
		- You gotta become someone else
	- "The familiar feeling called you"
	- The moment you decide to do something different, you make a new choice
		- Most people don't want to face that discomfort
		- The unknown is what people are afraid of, because they would rather live in guilt, "at least this I can predict" than take a chance in possibility.
	- A habit is when the body becomes the mind
	- It's not enough to just have a great meditation and get up and become stressed; you just came back to the old self again
		- Our job is to sustain the modified state of mind and body through the day
		- Something different/unusual is going to begin to happen in your life, and it will come as a coincidence.
	- There is a formula that we now know that if you apply that formula you will begin to see those changes.
	- People can change their brain-heart coherence
	- If you are not being defined by a vision of the future, you are left with your memories of the past, and you will be predictable.
		- Crossing the bridge to the new self, there is a death of the old self.
	- When the pain of staying the same outweighs the pain of change, then you will change.
	- We have been hypnotized and conditioned into becoming materialist; we define reality with our senses, and that's the biggest delusion
		- Can you believe in a future that you can't experience with your senses yet, but you can see in your mind?
		- Emotionally embrace that future every single day
			- Your body does not know the difference
		- You become a vortex/magnet to your destiny
		- Keep your energy connected to your dream of your future
			- Without moving into impatience, frustration; starting to analyze why it hasn't happened; that is defining your reality with your senses.
		- It's a skill; you can get good at it; the act of creation
	- You gotta begin to mentally rehearse
		- At the end of the day ask yourself, how did I do?
			- ...the next time that happens I'm gonna do this or that (visualize)
	-
		-
		-
	-
	-
	-
-