- Collaborative Web Components Coding Course
	- You will learn how to use basic coding languages to create the building blocks of the web, share them online, and collaborate with others co-creating new and innovative blocks that allows us to build amazing digital products that we all use together to empower ourselves.
- Atomic Server
	- All data is in a single database.
	- You project this database onto different places from different perspectives.
	- The projections are interfaces to the database, the database reacts to the interacting with the projections.
-
	- Having a disk
- Knowledge is more powerful than money
	- Because money has a code. And if you know the code of money, then you can attract as much money as you want.
		- The code has 2 keys, one is internal and the other external.
- Influence in a system has a correlation with the flow of currency through a person. Person is a channel of energy.
- Selling is about becoming a clear channel for money to flow through you.
	- Money loops are made of solidified money, you become a channel for money by becoming money yourself. You make the shape of a solid money structure where fluid money can flow through. Sometimes the shape is just that, a physical shape.
	- Bright principles of collaboration, of teamwork.
-
- Money flowing machine.
	- Rules
		- Have 2 piles. In one pile there is money. In the other pile there are products.
		- Take a product, put something in the money pile.
		- Take some money, put something in the product pile.
		-
			-
-